'26 June 2021
'It's amazing how things seem to come together, even when it feels like you're not having a very good day.  I realize that it's important to look at the bright side of things, because life is like a rollercoaster with ups and downs.  That said, yesterday was one of those days where I felt that I got side-tracked, but in many ways I've become more focused as a result.
'
' I've been keeping a journal off-and-on, and I'm starting *again*, and life is all about starting over sometimes.  I got here because I was trying to better manage the expense of my software development business, Pilotphish.  I've kept this company up-and-running, though it hasn't been my primary source of income.  That said, building a business, whether in software design, construction, and manaagement or real estate sales is of essential importance to me now.
'
' I need to acknowledge "the why":  I love the experience of being part of the theatrical endeavor, being part of putting up a play or a musical specifically.  Real estate since last year since June 26, 2020 specifically, has been the pivot or adjustment to my career in arts & entertainment that I have needed to make.  As a result, I studied new technologies, such as Google Cloud, Amazon Web Services and IBM Cloud, coupled together with programming languages R, Python, JavaScript, SQL and VBA, and techniques, frameworks, and philosphies of Functional Programming.  Yet, these are just tools, and what I mentioned before whether literal of metaphorical it's the THEATRICAL ENDEAVOR which is the ultimate mission, objective, journey -- however you would like to think of it.  
' 
' I have to mention a short course that I took last night on LinkedIn Learning "Succeeding in DevOps" by Laura Stone, which was produced in October 2019.  The most important take-away is building skills by practicing at home by bulding a homelab.  A redit group was mentioned, and I just checked it out am inspired!
https://reddit.com/r/homelab/
'  I will put this up on the Pilotphish home page right now! DONE.  This is what I need to remember:  focus on building skils that will allow me to meet my larger goals, such as producing and running a theater show, and selling real estate at a level of success that allows me to sustain myself finanically, and bulding software applications and websites that will allow me to both achieve optimal productivity and help others on a simiar journey along the way. RL 
